Added PR template for devconsole (#3625)
openshift/console: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/devconsole_pr.md

### [User Story/Defect/Task]: add JIRA link

> <!-- For e.g [User Story]: https://jira.coreos.com/browse/ODC-100 -->

Reviewer: This should be simplified to a single line that the dev doesn't have to delete the title. Every other title is valid to remain but we don't want PR descriptions containing text `add JIRA link`

`Fixes: <Insert Jira link eg. https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ODC-XXX>`

Author: Removed all h3 & aligned everything to this format. Also fixed task list issue.

# [JIRA-ID](add JIRA link): User Story / Defect / Task Title

> <!--For e.g [ODC-100](https://jira.coreos.com/browse/ODC-100): Title of user story / defect / task -->

Reviewer: Not fond of the large `#` header size. Not sure if we need one here
Typically `fixes: https://jira.coreos.com/browse/ODC-###` is sufficient. I don't think the name of the issue is needed to be duplicated because it could get out of sync. The PR name is often good enough of a summary.

Author: Agree. Modified all sections title to h3.

## Root cause

> <!--Briefly describe the root cause & analysis of the problem-->

Reviewer 2: This feels like it's only for bug fixes and not for feature works. It should be generic enough to capture both bug fix PRs and feature work.

Author: Agree. Made generic for US, Task & defect.

## Solution Description
<!--Describe your code changes in detail and explain the solution-->

- [ ] Is U/X approved?

> <!-- If designer review required, tag @openshift/team-devconsole-ux and add screenshots/gifs  -->

Reviewer 3: I'd say if it approved, show a link to a conversation / doc / etc.

Author: Modified the section as "Screen shots / Gifs for design review". If designer review required, developers shall tag @openshift/team-devconsole-ux and add screenshots/gifs. Is it better to get approval on PR?

Reviewer 3: I'd say it's useful but not required. We are already bouncing up against the UX wall when it comes to addressing stories. We shouldn't make the PRs that worked off of designs to wait on them in the same fashion.

We'll have to iterate over the design anyways, so I say we don't "wait" for it, but it is useful for us to see it.

Reviewer: They want to be made aware of any UI changes. Gives them a chance to review.
```suggestion
<!-- If change affects UI in any way, tag @openshift/team-devconsole-ux and add screenshots/gifs  -->
```

Reviewer 3: I don't disagree @christianvogt... absolutely should **always** tag them on UI changes - no argument here. But making it a requirement to wait? I don't think that's a good idea. Tag and let them know, if they get to it we catch what we can... but waiting will just ask for more slowdown

Reviewer: Yes I agree with your statement above.

Author: Updated the statement as suggested

> <!-- If designer review required, tag @openshift/team-devconsole-ux and add screenshots/gifs  -->

Reviewer: Not sure of the value here for a checkbox. But every PR that affects the UI visuals should tag `@openshift/team-devconsole-ux` and include before (if useful) and after screenshots and gifs.

Reviewer 2: Having a separate Screenshots/Gifs section would be helpful as most of our PRs do change UI some way or other.

Author: Agreed. Modified section as "Screen shots / Gifs for design review".

- [ ] Covered Unit test cases / e2e test cases? 

> <!-- Were unit tests or E2E test recorded for this change, or was only manual testing applicable. If yes, attach report else state reason for not adding -->

Reviewer: Not sure a checkbox here is needed. We should always be adding tests now and as a reviewer you can see the tests in the commit.

Author: Removed checkbox & changed title to add summary of coverage report

- [ ] Does this PR need regression testing of any feature / work flow?

> <!-- If the changes have bigger impact on any feature / work flow, do mention scope for regression testing -->

Reviewer 3: This is a slippery slope... everything is a feature :) How do I know what we did 4 releases ago and what that ticket may be. Every change has a potential to change the way a feature works/worked.

What is the intent of this? Can you give an example?

Author: Intent was developer shall add regression testing scope (if any) to QA/reviewer. For example, if there are some critical changes in pipeline-actions then it might require whole Pipeline feature or multiple flows to be tested for regression.

Reviewer 3: I wonder how useful this will be. Obviously if the reviewer knows about them, they have tested them. But I suppose forcing them to answer the question may help them realize they didn't test everything.

I think it's important for reviewers to incorporate this kind of regression testing as part of any review and not expect the reviewer to have covered everything. If we just trust the reviewer, we might as well not do reviews :P

> <!-- If the changes have bigger impact on any feature / work flow, do mention scope for regression testing -->

Reviewer: This should be tracked by the jira issue.

Author: This note was intended mainly to QA. Presently QA doesn't test the PRs so I've removed it.

- [ ] Does it have any dependancies?

> <!-- Mention dependancies like PR, Defect, Prerequisite setup, application, operators, etc -->

Reviewer: `dependancies` => `dependencies`

Almost everything we do has dependencies.
What's the purpose here? To help the reviewer setup a test env to run the PR? If so i think if it's not obvious by the problem and solution descriptions there should be another optional section for test setup or guidance.

Author: Modified as an additional option to mention any setup required to test this PR.

> ### Is this PR tested on all browsers?

Reviewer 3: Not sure all browsers are required... but showcasing where you did test it will help with PR reviews against other browsers.

Author: Agreed. Changed section title as "Browser conformance". Now Developers shall mark only tested browsers in the checklist.

    - [ ] Chrome
    - [ ] Firefox
    - [ ] Safari
    - [ ] Edge

>     - [ ] IE

Reviewer 3: > Supported Browsers
> We support the latest versions of the following browsers:
> 
> Edge
> Chrome
> Safari
> Firefox
> 
> IE 11 and earlier is not supported.

Reviewer: While testing on all browsers is great; all for our devs testing multiple browsers. Not all our devs have access to such test envs easily right now. I think some on console use browser stack.
Most PRs are only changing JS code and therefore shouldn't be affected by browser specific issues. Areas of concern are complex CSS and SVG filters.
I suppose having a checklist of the conformance browsers is ok and the dev can simply mention the ones they tested on.

Author: Removed IE browser & changed section title as "Browser conformance". Developer can mark tested browsers in the checklist.
